docs/add-contracts.md, before:

# Add contract templates
Once you have successfully created your project, you can add contract templates. You first need to navigate to your project's directory and run the following command:

```
jenesis add contract <TEMPLATE> <NAME>
```

An example of how to add the template **starter** with the name `my_first_contract` is given below:

```
jenesis add contract starter my_first_contract
```

This ```add contract``` command will add a contract template to your jenesis project inside `contracts/my_first_contract/` folder. It will also update the `jenesis.toml` configuration file with the contract information under all existing profiles.

```
[profile.my_profile.contracts.my_first_contract]
contract = "my_first_contract"
network = "fetchai-testnet"
deployer_key = ""

[profile.my_profile.contracts.my_first_contract.init]
count = ""
```
The `deployer_key` field can be manually specified, you can choose any private key locally available to deploy any specific contract. You can also leave this field empty since the ```deploy``` command has an optional argument to deploy all contracts inside a specified profile with the same key, overriding this `deployer_key` argument in the `jenesis.toml` file. See [deploy contracts](deploy-contracts.md) for more information. 

Finally, the `init` section contains the parameters needed in the instantiation message for this contract to be deployed. The required parameters are taken from the `instantiate_msg.json` file inside the `contracts` directory. You will need to manually add the values for these parameters in their correct variable type, which are listed in `contracts/my_first_contract/schema/instantiate_msg.json`. For this contract **my_first_contract** we need to add an integer value to the `count` field.

```
[profile.my_profile.contracts.my_first_contract.init]
count = 10
```

If your contract requires nested instantiation messages you may add fields following this structure:

```
[profile.testing.contracts.example-nested-contract.init]
price = {amount = 1000, denom = DLS}
info = {performance = {max_speed = 200, unit = kph}, fuel = {consumption = 7, unit = kmpl}}
```
> *NOTE: Before editing the `jenesis.toml` configuration file with the desired `deployer_key` and `init` parameters, make sure to first [compile](compile-contracts.md) your contract. All configuration parameters will restart every time a contract is compiled to make sure everything is up to date.*

You can also add contracts manually by copying and pasting the contract directory from another project you may have, however, they need to follow the same directory structure as the **starter** template mentioned above.

When you add a contract manually, you need to update the `jenesis.toml` file with the contract information by running:

```
jenesis update
```
The `update` command will automatically detect which contract is missing in the `jenesis.toml` configuration file by revising the contracts directory.

# Add contract deployments
You can add multiple deployments for any given contract in your project by running:

```
jenesis add deployment my_first_contract deployment_name
```
This will automatically create another my_first_contract entry called deployment_name without the need of adding a duplicated contract template to your project. This command will update your jenesis.toml file to:

```
[profile.testing.contracts.my_first_contract]
name = "my_first_contract"
contract = "my_first_contract"
network = "fetchai-testnet"
deployer_key = "alice"
init_funds = ""

[profile.testing.contracts.my_first_contract.init]
count = 1

[profile.testing.contracts.deployment_name]
name = "deployment_name"
contract = "my_first_contract"
network = "fetchai-testnet"
deployer_key = "alice"
init_funds = ""

[profile.testing.contracts.deployment_name.init]
count = 1
```

# Attach deployed contracts

If you add a contract into the project's contract folder that has already been deployed in the network, you can attach it to your project for future interaction using the ```attach``` command.

To add a contract to yout project you can run:

```
jenesis add contract starter my_first_contract
```

If you add the contract just by copying and pasting it, you will need to run:

```
jenesis update
```

Then compile the contract:

```
jenesis compile
```

To attach the contract, you will need to specify the contract's name and deployment address. You can optionally specify the profile where you wish to insert the contract into. If this is not specified, the deployment will be attached to the default profile, which is the first profile created in your project, unless the `default` settings are manually changed.

```
jenesis attach my_first_contract fetch18xs97q6h9zgh4sz730a42pp0dqa9sh4eef7eutfkv69q3v2y3x8s72pkua
```

This will add the relevant deployment information into a `jenesis.lock` file and you will now be able to interact with `my_first_contract` using [contract interactions](use-contracts.md)

Commit message:

Docs/update templates (#165)
* docs: updated docs with cw20 template

* docs: deleted cw20 branch

* docs: fixed typo

* docs: added contract templates link

Co-authored-by: James Riehl <33920192+jrriehl@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/add-contracts.md, after:

# Add contract templates
Once you have successfully created your project, you can add contract templates. You first need to navigate to your project's directory and run the following command:

```
jenesis add contract <TEMPLATE> <NAME>
```
You can find all the contract templates available in [Jenesis Templates](https://github.com/fetchai/jenesis-templates).
An example of how to add the template **starter** with the name `my_first_contract` is given below:

```
jenesis add contract starter my_first_contract
```

This ```add contract``` command will add a contract template to your jenesis project inside `contracts/my_first_contract/` folder. It will also update the `jenesis.toml` configuration file with the contract information under all existing profiles.

```
[profile.my_profile.contracts.my_first_contract]
contract = "my_first_contract"
network = "fetchai-testnet"
deployer_key = ""

[profile.my_profile.contracts.my_first_contract.init]
count = ""
```
The `deployer_key` field can be manually specified, you can choose any private key locally available to deploy any specific contract. You can also leave this field empty since the ```deploy``` command has an optional argument to deploy all contracts inside a specified profile with the same key, overriding this `deployer_key` argument in the `jenesis.toml` file. See [deploy contracts](deploy-contracts.md) for more information. 

Finally, the `init` section contains the parameters needed in the instantiation message for this contract to be deployed. The required parameters are taken from the `instantiate_msg.json` file inside the `contracts` directory. You will need to manually add the values for these parameters in their correct variable type, which are listed in `contracts/my_first_contract/schema/instantiate_msg.json`. For this contract **my_first_contract** we need to add an integer value to the `count` field.

```
[profile.my_profile.contracts.my_first_contract.init]
count = 10
```

If your contract requires nested instantiation messages you may add fields following this structure:

```
[profile.testing.contracts.example-nested-contract.init]
price = {amount = 1000, denom = DLS}
info = {performance = {max_speed = 200, unit = kph}, fuel = {consumption = 7, unit = kmpl}}
```
> *NOTE: Before editing the `jenesis.toml` configuration file with the desired `deployer_key` and `init` parameters, make sure to first [compile](compile-contracts.md) your contract. All configuration parameters will restart every time a contract is compiled to make sure everything is up to date.*

You can also add contracts manually by copying and pasting the contract directory from another project you may have, however, they need to follow the same directory structure as the **starter** template mentioned above.

When you add a contract manually, you need to update the `jenesis.toml` file with the contract information by running:

```
jenesis update
```
The `update` command will automatically detect which contract is missing in the `jenesis.toml` configuration file by revising the contracts directory.

# Add contract deployments
You can add multiple deployments for any given contract in your project by running:

```
jenesis add deployment my_first_contract deployment_name
```
This will automatically create another my_first_contract entry called deployment_name without the need of adding a duplicated contract template to your project. This command will update your jenesis.toml file to:

```
[profile.testing.contracts.my_first_contract]
name = "my_first_contract"
contract = "my_first_contract"
network = "fetchai-testnet"
deployer_key = "alice"
init_funds = ""

[profile.testing.contracts.my_first_contract.init]
count = 1

[profile.testing.contracts.deployment_name]
name = "deployment_name"
contract = "my_first_contract"
network = "fetchai-testnet"
deployer_key = "alice"
init_funds = ""

[profile.testing.contracts.deployment_name.init]
count = 1
```

# Attach deployed contracts

If you add a contract into the project's contract folder that has already been deployed in the network, you can attach it to your project for future interaction using the ```attach``` command.

To add a contract to yout project you can run:

```
jenesis add contract starter my_first_contract
```

If you add the contract just by copying and pasting it, you will need to run:

```
jenesis update
```

Then compile the contract:

```
jenesis compile
```

To attach the contract, you will need to specify the contract's name and deployment address. You can optionally specify the profile where you wish to insert the contract into. If this is not specified, the deployment will be attached to the default profile, which is the first profile created in your project, unless the `default` settings are manually changed.

```
jenesis attach my_first_contract fetch18xs97q6h9zgh4sz730a42pp0dqa9sh4eef7eutfkv69q3v2y3x8s72pkua
```

This will add the relevant deployment information into a `jenesis.lock` file and you will now be able to interact with `my_first_contract` using [contract interactions](use-contracts.md)
