docs/index.md, before:

Jenesis is a command line tool for rapid contract and service development for the Fetch.ai blockchain ecosystem and other CosmWasm-enabled blockchains.

# Installation

Install jenesis for Python 3.7 or newer via PyPI:

```
pip install jenesis
```

# Getting Started
There are multiple commands integrated into jenesis that allow you to perform a variety of tasks these commands are:

- `new` 
- `init`
- `add`
- `update`
- `attach`
- `compile`
- `keys`
- `deploy`
- `run`
- `shell`

## Create a new project
Create a project using the ```new``` command
```
jenesis new my_project --profile my_profile
```

This will create a new directory called `my_project`. You can use `--profile` and `--network` optional arguments, when they aren't used, profile and network will be set to `testing` and `fetchai-testnet` respectively. Inside this directory a `jenesis.toml` file will be created containing the following information:

```toml
[project]
name = "my_project"
authors = [ "Alice Tyler <alice@mail.com>",]

[profile.my_profile.network]
name = "fetchai-testnet"
chain_id = "dorado-1"
fee_minimum_gas_price = 5000000000
fee_denomination = "atestfet"
staking_denomination = "atestfet"
url = "grpc+https://grpc-dorado.fetch.ai"
faucet_url = "https://faucet-dorado.fetch.ai"
is_local = false

[profile.my_profile.contracts]
```

The project name is the argument passed to the ```new``` command while the authors field is populated by querying the user's GitHub username and email address. The profile's network will be filled with the relevant configuration variables. The contracts field will remain empty until new contracts are added.

An empty `contracts` folder will also be created inside `my_project` directory that will eventually contain all the information needed to compile and deploy the desired contracts.

The ```init``` command is similar to the ```new``` command, but in this case, you won't need a project name argument since this command is intended to run inside an existing project directory.

```
jenesis init
```

This command will create the same files and folders inside your project directory as the ones described for the ```new``` command.

If using a cargo workspace, you just need to navigate to the top level of your project and run the ```init``` command shown above. This will create the `jenesis.toml` configuration file inside your workspace including all the relevant information from existing contracts.

## Configure a network

By default, jenesis will configure the project to run on the latest stable Fetch.ai testnet. Use `fetchai-mainnet` to configure for the Fetch.ai mainnet or directly edit the `jenesis.toml` file to configure for other networks.

To test on a local node, pass the argument `--network fetchai-localnode` when creating a project:
```
jenesis new my_project --network fetchai-localnode
```
or
```
jenesis init --network fetchai-localnode
```

The configuration can be found under the `network` heading in the `jenesis.toml` file and can be changed as desired:

```toml
[profile.testing.network]
name = "fetchai-localnode"
chain_id = "localnode"
fee_minimum_gas_price = 5000000000
fee_denomination = "atestfet"
staking_denomination = "atestfet"
url = "grpc+http://127.0.0.1:9090/"
is_local = true
keep_running = false
cli_binary = "fetchd"
validator_key_name = "validator"
mnemonic = "gap bomb bulk border original scare assault pelican resemble found laptop skin gesture height inflict clinic reject giggle hurdle bubble soldier hurt moon hint"
password = "12345678"
moniker = "test-node"
genesis_accounts = [ "fetch1vas6cc9650z0s08230ytqjphgzl5tcq9crqhhu",]
```
In particular, to fund some accounts for testing, replace the `genesis_accounts`
field with the addresses to be funded.

When running any of the commands `deploy`, `run`, `shell`, and `attach`,
jenesis will check for a currently running local node, and if there is none, a new one will be created in a docker container.
If you wish to keep a local node running, you need to set the `keep_running` parameter to `true`. Otherwise, nodes will be stopped after any of the command mentioned above finish running.

At any time, you can start or stop a local node by running `jenesis network start/stop --profile <PROFILE>`

Commit message:

docs: jenesis v6 updates (#182)
* docs: jenesis v6 updates

* docs: minor fix

* docs: updates on contract and deployments

* docs: add contract updates

* docs: update add contract

Co-authored-by: James Riehl <33920192+jrriehl@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: James Riehl <james.riehl@fetch.ai>

docs/index.md, after:

Jenesis is a command line tool for rapid contract and service development for the Fetch.ai blockchain ecosystem and other CosmWasm-enabled blockchains.

# Installation

Install jenesis for Python 3.7 or newer via PyPI:

```
pip install jenesis
```

# Getting Started
There are multiple commands integrated into jenesis that allow you to perform a variety of tasks these commands are:

- `new` 
- `init`
- `add`
- `update`
- `attach`
- `compile`
- `keys`
- `deploy`
- `run`
- `shell`
- `network`

## Create a new project
Create a project using the ```new``` command
```
jenesis new my_project --profile my_profile
```

This will create a new directory called `my_project`. You can use `--profile` and `--network` optional arguments, when they aren't used, profile and network will be set to `testing` and `fetchai-testnet` respectively. Inside this directory a `jenesis.toml` file will be created containing the following information:

```toml
[project]
name = "my_project"
authors = [ "Alice Tyler <alice@mail.com>"]
keyring_backend = "os"

[profile.my_profile]
default = true

[profile.my_profile.network]
name = "fetchai-testnet"
chain_id = "dorado-1"
fee_minimum_gas_price = 5000000000
fee_denomination = "atestfet"
staking_denomination = "atestfet"
url = "grpc+https://grpc-dorado.fetch.ai"
faucet_url = "https://faucet-dorado.fetch.ai"
is_local = false

[profile.my_profile.contracts]
```

The project name is the argument passed to the ```new``` command while the authors field is populated by querying the user's GitHub username and email address. The profile's network will be filled with the relevant configuration variables. The contracts field will remain empty until new contracts are added. This `my_profile` profile will be set as the default profile, this means that every time you use a jenesis command without specifying a profile, `my_profile` will be used.

An empty `contracts` folder will also be created inside `my_project` directory that will eventually contain all the information needed to compile and deploy the desired contracts.

The ```init``` command is similar to the ```new``` command, but in this case, you won't need a project name argument since this command is intended to run inside an existing project directory.

```
jenesis init
```

This command will create the same files and folders inside your project directory as the ones described for the ```new``` command.

If using a cargo workspace, you just need to navigate to the top level of your project and run the ```init``` command shown above. This will create the `jenesis.toml` configuration file inside your workspace including all the relevant information from existing contracts.

## Configure a network

By default, jenesis will configure the project to run on the latest stable Fetch.ai testnet. Use `fetchai-mainnet` to configure for the Fetch.ai mainnet or directly edit the `jenesis.toml` file to configure for other networks.

To test on a local node, pass the argument `--network fetchai-localnode` when creating a project:
```
jenesis new my_project --network fetchai-localnode
```
or
```
jenesis init --network fetchai-localnode
```

The configuration can be found under the `network` heading in the `jenesis.toml` file and can be changed as desired:

```toml
[profile.testing.network]
name = "fetchai-localnode"
chain_id = "localnode"
fee_minimum_gas_price = 5000000000
fee_denomination = "atestfet"
staking_denomination = "atestfet"
url = "grpc+http://127.0.0.1:9090/"
is_local = true
keep_running = false
cli_binary = "fetchd"
validator_key_name = "validator"
mnemonic = "gap bomb bulk border original scare assault pelican resemble found laptop skin gesture height inflict clinic reject giggle hurdle bubble soldier hurt moon hint"
password = "12345678"
moniker = "test-node"
genesis_accounts = [ "fetch1vas6cc9650z0s08230ytqjphgzl5tcq9crqhhu",]
```
In particular, to fund some accounts for testing, replace the `genesis_accounts`
field with the addresses to be funded.

When running any of the commands `deploy`, `run`, `shell`, and `attach`,
jenesis will check for a currently running local node, and if there is none, a new one will be created in a docker container.
If you wish to keep a local node running, you need to set the `keep_running` parameter to `true`. Otherwise, nodes will be stopped after any of the command mentioned above finish running.

At any time, you can start or stop a local node by running `jenesis network start/stop --profile <PROFILE>`
